== README


This is rails application is an incomplete platform about dogs and their owner. As it shouldn't be taken seriously, this is simply to test my skills with rails and ruby.
The idea came from the CSGAMES 2014 competition I atended (http://csgames.org). At the web dev competition I had the chance to work with the play framework (which isn't really that great to be honest).
Basically, we had only 3 hours to create a website where we could buy and sells cats. Needless to say, our team wasn't the best with the play framework so we failed pretty hard at this. I still thought that it would
have been way easier to recreate this "shopping" platform on Rails, because let's be honest here: Ruby is way more slick and efficient than Java in web dev.

Anyway, here what has been done so far:

User model including the proper validation

Dog model including the proper validation

=== Dogs Controller

Only the index method is in use so far. As such, the view of this controller generates a list of all the dogs that are currently in the database, with a link to their owner's profile.


=== Users Controller

Only the show method is being used right now. Stuff I want to do in the nearest future:

Implement new and create (it takes like 2 seconds but since I'm at the end of the semester I almost don't have time).


=== Specs

I used Rails v 4.0.2 and Ruby 2.0.0p247

== How to run

1. bundle install is a good start since this application uses Bcrypt to help hash the passwords of our users.

2. Then it's a good idea to verify the seeds (as you may modify them as you wish) => don't forget to run rake db:seeds after

3. Run the server, the root of this application is set to dogs#index



